add note about Android emulators on M1 (#1315)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-testing/testing.md

{{< tab header="Android" >}}
{{<markdown>}}
{{<notebox>}}

> Due to limitations by Apple Silicon, the Apple Virtualisation API doesn’t support nested virtualisation required for emulators. To use simulators in macOS M1 workflows, please use 3rd party service integrations such as emulator.wtf, Katalon, Firebase, AWS or others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to limitations by Apple Silicon, the Apple Virtualisation API doesn’t support nested virtualization required for Android emulators. To use Android emulators in macOS M1 workflows, please use third-party service integrations such as emulator.wtf, Katalon, Firebase, or AWS Device Farm.
```
